Brrrrrring


“P-p-please Ahmad, I just need a little m-more time”, Chong stuttered out.


The halls were empty, it was just them. Serene filled the halls of the once populated school. Ahmad suddenly grew silent. His grip on Chong’s shoulder tightened. You could feel the bones in his arm.


“Well in that case…” Ahmad muttered to him in a gruff voice.


“B-brother please no I can get it done soon”, Chong struggled to get the words out. His legs shaking under the pressure of Ahmad.


“Eh I don’t take pleasure in making threats but this is not the first time you messed up.” Ahmad replied, balling his fists in a threatening manner.


“Hey!”, a voice rang through the empty halls. “Pick on someone your own size man”,


Chong looked across the slick floors of the hall, and there he stood, Leonard.


“You’re lucky your bodyguard came to save your butt”, Ahmad muttered to Chong, pushing him to the lockers on the walls of the hall. “Ah Leonard!” Ahmad replied in a big and friendly voice. “We’re friends, Chong and me. No?” Ahmad looked back to Chong glaring in his direction.


“Yeah you’re not foolin’ no one man, you piss off and I don’t wanna see your face with Chong again!” Leonard walked in a stable stance and came over to Chong. “Let’s go L”.


As Chong and Leonard walked down to the cafeteria they talked.


“Ay man what the heck was that?!”


“Leo…trust me, I can’t do anything about that jerk.”


“L”, Leonard stopped Chong in his tracks. “Said who? I told you if he ever bothered you again hit me up lah!” Leonard’s face looked so calm and happy compared to Ahmad’s


“Ah, I’ll try man, it's harder than it looks”.


“Whatever you say man, just don’t give that jerk his homework next week, promise me that much huh?”


“Yeah, I’ll try.”


They continued to scale the stairs up to the cafeteria. By the time they reached the cafeteria people were packing up their food. Kids brought lunch boxes and bags to keep their food warm but Chong had no such fancy things.


Leonard signalled for Chong to follow him to the edge of the cafeteria. As Leo sat down his muscle in his arm showed. Although Leo was a big introvert he was a really good fighter. As Chong sat down he whipped out his lunch from his paper bag. Chong was delighted to find out that his lunch today consisted of peanut butter sandwiches and fruit. This was a rare treat for him as usually it was just some biscuits. Leonard also took his lunch out. It was varied with a few fruits and some vegetables.


“Leo, are you still up for tennis this weekend?” A girl from the table opposite them asked. “Yeah sure!” Leo responded friendly with a smile.


“Mr fancy” Chong joked and elbowed him.


Brrrrrring


The bell rang throughout the school echoing through the halls. Soon after that the thunder of steps resumed and life sped back up to speed. The scratching of pens and silence remained for the rest of the day as students studied.


As the clock striked 4 o’clock the students hurriedly packed their bags up and sighed with happiness. Another Friday survived. The weekend was so close but before that, they still needed to finish their homework. Papers juggled inside student’s backpacks and papers sped up on the tables of the cafeteria as students tried to finish them before heading home. Leo striked up a conversation with Chong as they walked out of the school.


“Hey L! You wanna go walk around the neighbourhood this afternoon?”


“I don’t know Leo, got some equations to work on, I kinda got the teacher’s attention so now I got more homework”,


“Just call me to help you lah! I’ll call you up when I’m done man!”Leo walked out of the school whipping his sunglasses out of his pocket to block the glare of the evening sun.


“Damn that guy’s a badass” the girls giggled as he walked out leaving Chong alone in the halls of the school.


Chong decided not to get on the bus to avoid meeting Ahmad again, especially without Leo by his side. While Chong walked down the path leading to his house he pulled his headphones out of his pocket connecting them to his phone. He scrolled through the selection of songs choosing the song “The Reason” by Hoobastank. The sad lyrics and chords almost talked to him. Chong sang along to the song as he walked down the path with his head down.


Leo leaned back in his chair, his desk filled with paper. Leo sighed, thinking to himself, “Ahh, another weekend here I come!”. He picked up his phone from the stacks of paper. Leo dialled Chong’s house number and the dial tone beeped. Chong wasn’t allowed to have a phone just yet, he was only 13 while Leo was 15. 


“H-hey leo” Chong squeaked on the other end


Leo could hear the clash and bang of pots in the background accompanied with screaming. “L, what the hell is going on there?”.


“Hard to explain Leo, I’ll meet you at the clubhouse in five”. Chong quickly muttered and shut off the phone.


Leo was not that surprised considering that Chong’s parents have fights all the time but recently it’s been involving him. He grabbed his bag and stuffed his stationary inside it. Pocketing his phone he opened the door and called out to his mom. “Hey mom! I’ll be at the clubhouse, I’ve got my phone on me so don’t worry about me not coming home to dinner!”.


“Alright Leo! You better be home in time!” His mother called back.


The clubhouse was really just a library, but everyone called in the clubhouse because it was a socialising area and a studying area. At the clubhouse Leo saw Chong in a corner with his schoolbook in his lap.


“Hey what’s good L”, Leo said in a tired voice.


“It’s been…a day”


“That bad huh?”


“Yeah happens nearly every day, it’s always about my autopsy stuff”


“Why?”


“My dad hates it when I do stuff like that”


“He gets creeped out?”


“Yeah”.


“That’s tough man but let’s get to work now”.


Leo sat down next to Chong and began to go through his work. The lights outside the library signalled that it was now closed for the day. People began to pack up their books and laptops. Chong also began packing up. Leo walked over to the door and held it for people to exit. Chong was amongst the last people to exit the library.


“Alright man, I’ll start to head home now, it’s pretty late, lemme see…” Leo briefly paused to check his watch. “Yeah it’s about 7 now I’ll see you over the weekends?”


“Yeah Leo, thanks a lot man without you I probably would’ve had by butt whipped by the teacher.


“Hey”, Leo looked over his shoulder back to Chong. “Don’t sweat it”.


Leo steadily ran back to his house and Chong walked in a different direction.


By the time Leo got back his dad was also back. “Hey sport!” his dad exclaimed upon seeing him home. His dad went over to hug him.


“Hey dad, how’s work today?” Leo asked sitting down on the dining table with him


“It was…busy, a bunch of stuff to be done soon so I’m on the clock” His dad replied “But enough about my day, how’s yours? Where have you been just now?


“Oh, nothing much, I just needed to help Chong over at the library, this weekend I’ve got badminton with Mia so I’ll be pretty busy”. Leo replied putting his phone down on the table.


“Sounds interesting”


“Yeah sure is”


Leo’s mom came walking in with a plate filled with fruits and bread. “Sorry Leo, had a lot on my plate today, couldn’t cook much.”,


“That’s alright mom, I’m thankful for all I have”.


“I wish your brother could think the same way”.


Ronald, Leo’s brother and practically where Leo’s mom’s energy goes to everyday. Stomps rumbled through the ceiling of the house and Ronald followed soon after. He had a toy in his hands but quickly forgot about it when he smelled the tasty fruits.


“What’s for dinner?” he called out to his mom.


“Tasty food.” my mom replied with a drawn out face.


As Ronald waltzed towards the dining table he exclaimed “Hi dad!”.


Leo rolled his eyes knowing what was about to happen. For the next straight 3 minutes Ronald explained every single useless detail to their dad. Their dad pretended to be interested and continued to listen until Leo’s mom called them for dinner.


After dinner Leo went upstairs to review his homework and work on writing his brand new fiction story. Soft footsteps were heard outside of his room and his door swung open. It was his dad with a slight smile on his face.


“Hey Leo, your contest results will be in this weekend” His dad said smiling.


“Really?” Leo asked ecstatically, “I’ve been waiting forever!”


“Yep, you better get to bed now but I’ll be waiting for the letter with you” His dad said before leaving the room.


Leo prepared for sleep swiftly as he impatiently waited for the next day.


As the sun rose and the birds crowed, Leo jumped out of bed. He felt his way to the lights and switched it on. Although the lights would usually burn through his eyes he couldn’t care less. He rushed downstairs to the mailbox. As Leo dug through the mailbox he found one letter that wasn’t addressed to Leo’s parents. He grabbed it and rushed back into the house.


As he sat down on his desk he grabbed a nearby pen knife and sliced the letter opened swiftly. His excitement was uncontainable and in his head Leo was thinking “I can’t wait to see what I got! Who knows I might even get the prize of 55 dollars!”. His eyes dashed around the package to be horrified with an eye. Not a logo, not metaphorically, simply, an eye. Soaked in blood and as Leonard stared at it in disbelief. It stared back.


Leo was temporarily paralysed by this realisation. He flipped the letter and on the back had a message written out in scrawny writing.


“Dear Leonard, this is Chong, I am very appreciative of what you’ve done for me all this time and how you’ve been by my side when no one else has. For this, I give you a gift, a gift from my worst tormentor. ~L”


As Leo read through this note, trying to process everything that was happening. Ronald bursts into his room.


“Good morning Leo!!” Ronald exclaimed with excitement as he entered the room. Ronald’s eager eyes surveyed the room. As soon as he laid his eyes on the desk he spotted the note. Ronald rushed forwards laying his grubby hands on the note as he dove towards the desk.


“Hey! That’s mine you-” Leo stopped himself and launched his arms forward in a slight panic. “Give it back Ronald!” Leo tugged harder yet. In his mind he knew that Ronald wouldn’t simply give it up but if he continued to tug at the letter it may as well break. Leo decided in a flash of a decision that he couldn’t explain the blood on the floor to his parents and might as well explain it to Ronald.


“What is that?!” Ronald inquired questioningly after pulling the package out of Leo’s hands and examining it.


“None of your business Ron, now please leave me alone and go watch tv or something like that” Leo said with a look of annoyance on his face.


“Hey!” Ronald flared back. “Don’t you dare say it’s none of my business! Everything is my business as long as you live on mom's roof!”


Leo was almost livid at this comment but attempted to contain himself. “Ronald this is all just a prank between me and my friends okay? Why don’t you…”. Leonard scanned the room for something that would grab his attention. “Go play with my legos! Alright?”


Ronald was intrigued by this offer because he usually doesn't get to play with his brother’s toys. “Alright fine, but I also want to play with your magnetic chess set.” Ronald quired seeing how far he could take it.


“You know what Ronald? Just go use whatever you need to use alright? I need this room to myself now” Leo gently pushed Ronald out of his room. “My legos are outside”, Leo’s heart raced as he shut the door, knowing that he just escaped a nearly impossible situation.


He stared back at the letter now letting the reality of the situation sink into his heart.


Beep beep boop
Ringgggggggggg


“Hello Leo?”


“Hey Nate, a really quick question, could you meet me at the clubhouse at 10?”


“Uhh-” shuffling of paper could be heard on the other end of the phone “Sure, lemme grab my stuff I’ll be there,”


Leonard grabbed the letter and packaged it carefully before laying it in his bag.


The wind blew hard on the bright afternoon and as Leonard opened the door to the library he deposited his shoes to the side of the door abscent-mindedly. Leo sat himself down on a chair near the door waiting for Nate.


Each time the door creaked open Leo’s head flicked over to it only to be let down by not a sign of Nate but instead another person from the neighbourhood. Finally Nate arrived and took a seat beside Leo before saying anything.


“Hey Leo! What’s up man? What do you want this weekend? Wanna talk about the recent assignment or somethin’?” Nate asked with a friendly manner.


“Nate…I don’t know how to say this.”


“Leo, whatever way you’re gonna say it, it’s gonna be the same no?” Nate answered as he took out his notebook and a pen. “Plus, come on man, we've known each other for basically the entire time we’ve gone to school! What could be that hard to say?”


“It’s different, not the fact that a screwed up an assignment or anything like that” Leo answered. “Look, see for yourself” Leo handed the envelope across the table.


Nate looked puzzled before pulling the oddly shaped letter towards himself “Wh-wha”
Nate muttered as he opened the letter to be met with the blood stained eye now clotted up making it look more revolting than ever.


“Leo…don’t tell me…” Nate said with a disappointed face. “Did you seriously?”


“What? What did I do?”


“You…killed a guy?!” Nate half shouted.


Eyes flicked over to their table and they wondered what was all the commotion about. Leo quickly looked around nervously before looking back at Nate with his hands on his laps beginning to sweat a little.


“No I didn’t alright Nate, you know me well enough”


“Hey hey, no need to get defensive here, I’m just saying, where. On Earth do you find this?!” Nate snarled.


“Why does it matter?”


“Yes it does man! This kinda stuff is like…jurisdiction level stuff man! You can’t be fooling around with this!”.


“Quiet down Nate!” Leo hissed back “Chong gave it to me”


“Okay” Nate breathed in heavily “Why and where and when”


“I don’t know man!” Leo almost shouted while whispering to Nate. “All I know is that he said something about a gift??”


“This isn’t just any normal gift dude!”


“I know but that isn’t important right now. We’ll figure this out later-”


“We?!”. So now you’re saying that you want me, a regular 16 year old guy who has dreams of being a lawyer and getting amazing grades. Me to get involved in your mafia of some sort?! No way man, no way”,


“Nate just help me, for the sake of the old times”,


“I’m sorry Leo but the best I can do is ask him to go to counselling” Nate gently laid the letter on the table before grabbing his notebook.


“Nate please just one last thing”,


“Yes Leo?”
 
“Should I talk to him?”


“You should if you’re looking for a death sentence. This guy is either mentally insane or he’s really just a killer and you got on his good side”. Nate said sarcastically “Don’t call me if you need something”. Nate pulled the door open and left Leonard alone on his table. 


Leonard decided to do what Nate suggested he should do. Confront Chong. Soon Leonard arrived at Chong’s house.


“Chong, I need to talk to you about something important”.


“Yeah sure Leo!” Chong replied with an upbeat voice.


“In private,” Leo added with a small voice.


“Uhh sure!” Chong agreed, seeming a slight bit perplexed.


As soon as Chong shut the door of his room Chong began to talk.


“So uhh Leo! How are you doing this weekend? Didn’t you have badminton practice or something this weekend?”.


“Chong, it’s tennis. What happened? You lost your memory or something?”


“Uhh no just a little…foggy” Chong replied scratching his head in embarrassment. “You know what I mean?”,


“Okay we’re getting off topic here”, Leo replied rubbing his eyes. He reached into the depths of his backpack to retrieve the letter. “This is what I came here to talk to you about”, Leo handed the letter over to Chong.




“Uhh what’s this?” Chong asked, looking puzzled. As he opened the package his expression remained unchanged. “Leo…is this another one of your sick pranks?” Chong asked, cracking a smile.
“Chong, what do you mean?”


“Aww come on man! Don’t think I haven’t seen one of your pranks before!” Chong said with a friendly and warm tone while laying his hand on Leo’s shoulder.


Leo was taken aback by this. “You mean to say…you’ve never, never in your life! Seen this?”,


“Uhh, no?” Chong replied “Anyways Leo, you good? You see really weird right now,”


Leonard now was seriously perplexed about this whole situation. 


“Okay then Chong…If you say so.” Leonard replied with suspicion aroused in his voice. “I’m sorry for wasting your time here but I guess it’s not from you,”


“Ah it’s alright Leo,” Chong replied with a smile “Go and try to prank someone else with less brains than me,”


Leo nodded and proceeded to walk out of the house perplexed.


“Nate, I know that I’m probably the last person you would want to talk to-” Leo said as he positioned his phone up to his ear.


“Leo, I’m sorry but if this concerns what I think it does I can’t help you” Nate replied interrupting Leonard.


“Wait! Nate!” Leonard exclaimed with panic “I don’t need you to deal with anything, simply tell my parents that I went over to your house to stay if they ask alright?”


“What is your insane idea this time huh?” Nate questioned with sarcasm.


Leonard’s shoes dragged on the gravel road. “Well Chong didn’t have a clue on what this package was so what I’m gonna do is I’m gonna stake his house out,”


“Okay I won’t be one to judge but…” Nate breathed in “I hope you know that if you get arrested for trespassing don’t let me know,”


Leonard cracked a slight smile “I knew I could count on you,”


The sky darkened around Leonard; he was unaware that it was this late into the day. He glanced down at his watch and he noticed that it was already 6:30pm. As Leonard continued to wait his worry continued to rise.


Thoughts flooded his mind as he pondered what Chong could possibly be hiding. As the sun set in the neighbourhood his adrenaline hit the rough and countless worries drowned him. “What if Chong finds out?” Leo worried “What would he say?”.


Soon enough, Leonard heard something from Chong’s room. His head glanced over to the window as he saw the lights flare on. Chong walked into the room and proceeded with his nightly routine. This felt like hours as Leo sat there in the bushes outside his room contemplating what he was doing. As Chong switched off the lights and walked over to his bed to lie down on it Leo began wondering if it was worth it. “What if there isn’t anything to this and it’s just a prank?” Leonard thought to himself.


Leonard ultimately decided to simply leave but as soon as he nearly stood up he saw Chong twitching in his bed. Almost as if he was having a seizure. Leonard watched in horror as he saw Chong’s whole body tense up and shake uncontrollably. 


Leo’s mind raced and he made up his mind to go to help him. Leo stood up but when he stepped one step closer to the window the shaking stopped. Leonard froze in his tracks and ducked back behind the bushes. Leo’s spine grew cold as he saw Chong’s legs fly off the bed and he stood up. Chong walked over to the table near his bed and went out of sight behind the high bush.


Leonard risked a peek over the bush and saw Chong rummaging through the drawer. Finally he found a piece of paper and a letter. As he sat down his hand reached down underneath his desk. Leonard held his breath but luckily it was just a feather.


After his heart stopped beating so hard he thought to himself.


“Why would this man need a feather?”


A quick peek out of the bush.


Ssssshsss 


The bush rustled as his head peeked out. Leo flattened his body and his heart rate flew up again. Chong stared into the darkness. A creek was heard as He adjusted his desk light towards the abyss.


As his lamp outlined the bush he saw nothing. A slight creek later the light was focused on his table. Leonard peeked through the bush’s leaves and saw Chong bringing his fishbowl over to the table. Chong dug into the fishbowl before fishing out a small guppy. Leonard was extremely puzzled at this but continued to look through the safety of the bush.