I swerved left and right to avoid the incoming hail of lasers. My speakers were beeping rapidly and all the panels on my dashboard were flashing with all sorts of colours. My heart pounded into my ears and easily drowned out the detonations around me. Explosions littered the dark, cold, star-cluttered space.


        A few moments earlier. My squadron was the last standing line of defence from Earth against the invading aliens. We were tasked with fighting off the smaller alien spaceships and finding a weak spot in the Mothership. We were close to out-of-luck. Hundreds of men that I had trained with blew up into smithereens all around me. The alien ships were too fast and too many. Their technology and weapons are far too advanced for Earth’s defence. We were fighting a losing battle. It all felt like a useless endeavour. We were not going to win this. Sweat dripped down my brow and my eyes darted around the cockpit screen looking for who else is still alive.


        My trembling hands gripped the control for dear life and veered off into a corner. Fear has completely overcome me. I panicked and accelerated my ship until I was clear off the battlefield. The screams in my ear for support from my squadron quickly faded into quietness. I tried to drown out the voices of death. A slow tear dripped down my cheek. The explosions didn’t stop until each and every one of the men from my squadron was gone.


        The aliens had no sense of mercy and started trying to find me in the dark abyss of space. I tried to hide but in space, there is really no place to hide. The aliens looked for me relentlessly. I began to truly break down. I have forgotten all the training as a fighter pilot. All I can think of is running away. 


At this point, my family on Earth was probably praying for their lives. Yet, here I am, sitting in my cockpit, scared stiff. My emotions got the better of me and I After what felt like eternity, the crackling voice of my commander muttered over the communication device to whoever was still alive. In a desperate and urgent voice, the Commander announced the discovery of the weak spot on the Mothership. He urged whoever that was still alive to take it out. That will destroy the Mothership and save Earth.


        My mind flashed back to my family wishing me luck on my mission and I told them with confidence that I would make it back. My mom was a wonderful person, I wish I could’ve told her how much I loved her, how much I cared. My dad was an amazing teacher. He taught me to never doubt myself even if others doubted you. I had a beautiful and caring wife waiting back on Earth. She had just recently carried our second child into this beautiful world. Both of my parents are retired now and they gave me their blessing before I left.


        I was so filled with confidence then that I would be successful and be welcomed home as a hero.  I imagined all the disappointment that my family would have to go through knowing that I am a coward now. I cannot imagine looking my wife and children in their eyes knowing that I have failed them. 


I closed my eyes. First came sadness, then anger. The men that I trained with for years are gone. I gritted my teeth. I could not sit here anymore. I cannot allow fear to dictate my fate. I needed to do something. I needed to save Earth. More importantly, I needed to save my family. For my revenge and for my race.


        I started to think and plot. The smaller alien ships are closing in on my position, I needed to think faster. I needed to plot a path to get to the Mothership. I tried to recall all my tactical training and past battles. Anything that I can use to get closer to my target. I think I have a plan. At least enough to get close to the alien’s starship. I will make up the rest as I make my way. 


Lasers started to whiz by me barely missing my ship. I flipped a few switches and pulled down on the control stick. My ship sped forward and avoided collisions with the fury of alien ships. I slammed my control stick all the way to the right. Suddenly, my training came back to me. This was a manoeuvre my mentor taught me. I smacked the fire button and blasted the alien ships into pieces to make an opening towards the Mothership. I chalked that up as a win and a step closer to the target. 


        Two alien ships manoeuvred right in front of me. I swiftly veered my ship down. The acceleration pressed me firmly into my seat. My vision blurred but I managed to get behind the two ships. A few well-placed blasts  and I disposed of the obstacles. More ships are closing in. I knew that I needed to get off their radar.


        I tried to lose the two ships but to no avail they kept up the chase and began to lock onto my ship. My heart rate rose immediately and I kicked into my survival instincts.A space torpedo launched straight at my ship. Instinctively, I launched a decoy and the torpedo took the bait. I shifted my ship into the highest gear towards the Mothership. I needed to get towards it quickly.


I switched on my backward-facing camera and spotted a missile headed towards me. I recognized this type of missile instantly and I knew it couldn’t track me. If I could just shake off this missile it wouldn’t come for me again. I estimated an angle in my head and bent my control stick violently to the diagonal right. I was right, the missile missed by miles. 


        As the pursuing spaceships closed in, I tried a risky maneuver by hitting the brakes suddenly. The alien ship flew right ahead and I knew this was a perfect opportunity. A fury of blasts took care of those pesky aliens.


        It seemed like the alien ships kept coming out of thin air. I needed to make ground and fast. I jettisoned my remaining decoys. It was a risky move but it was something that needed to be done. As soon as I did, the ship felt lighter and gained speed. I switched into one of the higher gears and outsped the smaller ships towards the Mothership. 


        The alien Mothership is clearly in front of me now. A few smaller ships stand in the way. I calmed myself and summoned my confidence. Confidence that was built with countless hours of training and tempered by numerous battles. I told myself that I can do this.  I grabbed the control stick and piloted my ship to manoeuvre around the smaller ships between me and the Mothership. I am pushing my ship to its limit. All warning alarms are beeping but I was focused on the weak spot on the Mothership. A weak spot that took many sacrifices to discover. 


At this critical moment, my laser blasters fried. I don’t know if it was hit by enemy ships or it overheated. I didn’t care. There was only one clear choice in my mind. I will use my ship as a weapon to hit the weak spot and destroy the Mothership. 


I accelerated directly into the weak spot of the Mothership. My ship dug deep into the weak spot of the Mothership. The impact caused a chain reaction and the alien starship started to break apart. The Commander was right. The countless sacrifices were not in vain.


There was a bright light. The images of my wife and children flashed through my mind. I won’t see them again but I know that I have saved my family from the alien invasion. And that is enough for me. 


The aftermath. 


The entire world collectively held their breath as they watched the NASA live feed. As they speculated on the tiny dot whizzing around the huge alien Mothership, it exploded in an epic firework show. The entire world let out a breath of relief and celebrated for the survival of the human species.


From then on, the governments of the world learnt to be peaceful. They knew that hostile aliens were out there and to beat it once was lucky. If they ever came back, we might not be so lucky. Missiles were no longer pointed at our own soil. Instead they were pointed towards the infinite sky anticipating the next attack. Men learnt that to truly be an intelligent species, they must band together to defeat the next existential threat.


Meanwhile, the aliens were distraught by the defeat. They never had any creature defeat them. They began to prepare for their next attack. Soon, the next attack will come.